README.md, before:

# JavaScript Example Apps powered by BoxyHQ

This is a collection of example apps that show how to integrate  Enterprise SSO and Directory Sync with JavaScript-based web and authentication frameworks.

## Enterprise SSO

Save hundreds of development hours and integrate SSO to your SaaS app in minutes. Supports SAML & OIDC.

- [AdonisJS](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/adonisjs)
- [Auth0](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/auth0-user-store)
- [Express.js](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/express)
- [Firebase](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/firebase-user-store)
- [Hasura + Express.js](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/hasura-express)
- [Hasura + Next.js](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/hasura-nextjs)
- [Next.js](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/next-auth)
- [Reactjs](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/react)





## Directory Sync (SCIM)

One simple integration to automate user and group provisioning. Supports SCIM 2.0 protocol for most major providers.

- [Next.js NPM Embedded](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/directory-sync-embedded)
- [Next.js](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/directory-sync)

## Running examples

Check `package.json` for a list of dev scripts you can run. For example `npm run dev:next-auth`

**_Note_**: Please remember to copy `.env.example` to `.env` for the needed environment variables for the example you wish to run.

## Support

- [Discord](https://discord.gg/uyb7pYt4Pa)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/boxyhq)

Commit message:

Update README.md (#190)
Update language for community to match Jackson repo

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Example Apps powered by BoxyHQ

This is a collection of example apps that show how to integrate  Enterprise SSO and Directory Sync with JavaScript-based web and authentication frameworks.

## Enterprise SSO

Save hundreds of development hours and integrate SSO to your SaaS app in minutes. Supports SAML & OIDC.

- [AdonisJS](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/adonisjs)
- [Auth0](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/auth0-user-store)
- [Express.js](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/express)
- [Firebase](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/firebase-user-store)
- [Hasura + Express.js](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/hasura-express)
- [Hasura + Next.js](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/hasura-nextjs)
- [Next.js](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/next-auth)
- [Reactjs](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/react)





## Directory Sync (SCIM)

One simple integration to automate user and group provisioning. Supports SCIM 2.0 protocol for most major providers.

- [Next.js NPM Embedded](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/directory-sync-embedded)
- [Next.js](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson-examples/tree/main/apps/directory-sync)

## Running examples

Check `package.json` for a list of dev scripts you can run. For example `npm run dev:next-auth`

**_Note_**: Please remember to copy `.env.example` to `.env` for the needed environment variables for the example you wish to run.

## Community

- [Discord](https://discord.gg/uyb7pYt4Pa) (For live discussion with the Community and BoxyHQ team)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/BoxyHQ) (Get the news fast)
