apps/hasura-express/README.md, before:

# BoxyHQ SAML + Hasura GraphQL Auth Example

Express web app that shows how to use [BoxyHQ SAML](https://github.com/boxyhq/jackson) to authenticate [Hasura GraphQL](https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine) API.

## Install

Please follow the below instructions. Make sure you have Docker installed on your system.

```
git clone https://github.com/boxyhq/boxyhq-saml-hasura-express.git
```

```
cd boxyhq-saml-hasura-express
```

Open `docker-compose.yml` and update environment variables as per you needs.

```
npm run start
```

## How to run

- Open Hasura console [http://localhost:8080/console](http://localhost:8080/console) and enter admin secret **hasura-admin-secret-key**. You can change the value of the admin secret via env variable `HASURA_GRAPHQL_ADMIN_SECRET`.

- Open the tab **Data** and create a new database. Enter the correct **Database URL**. For example `postgres://postgres:postgres@postgres:5432/postgres`

- Click the created database from the sidebar on the left and choose the template **Hello World** from the **Template Gallery** and click **Install Template**. This will create 2 tables called `authors` and `articles`. It will also insert a few rows in each tables.

- Open the express app at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

- Open the page **Metadata** and add your IdP Metadata. You can use [Mock SAML](https://mocksaml.com/) to test the SAML SSO integration.

- Click **Login via SSO** and complete the sign in process.

- Open the page **Articles** to the see articles fetched via GraphQL query using Hasura.

## Notes

- Express app runs on port `3000`
- Hasura runs on port `8080`

```sql
CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS pgcrypto;

SET check_function_bodies = false;

CREATE TABLE public.users (
  id uuid DEFAULT public.gen_random_uuid() NOT NULL,
  name text,
  email text,
  "providerAccountId" text NOT NULL,
  "emailVerified" timestamp with time zone,
  image text
);

ALTER TABLE ONLY public.users
    ADD CONSTRAINT users_email_key UNIQUE (email);

ALTER TABLE ONLY public.users
    ADD CONSTRAINT users_pkey PRIMARY KEY (id);
```

Commit message:

Changes to the example app

apps/hasura-express/README.md, after:

# Express.js + SAML Jackson SSO + Hasura GraphQL Integration Example

This demo app shows how to use SAML Jackson with Hasura GraphQL for authentication.

## Overview

The example Express.js app runs on port 3000.

Postgres and Hasura are running on port 5432 and 8081 respectively within Docker containers.

This demo is configured to work with 2 `x-hasura-role` (admin, developer).

`admin` can see all the rows in the users table. `developer` can see their own row. If no role is provided the `developer` role is assumed.

Execute the command `npm run dev:hasura-express` to start the demo.

### Setup Environment

Update `.env` with your own credentials.

### Setup SAML Jackson

- Open the demo app at [https://localhost:3000/](https://localhost:3000/)
- Click `Configure SSO` from the top menu
- Add your SAML Metadata and click `Save Changes`

This will configure the SAML Jackson to use the metadata you provided for the tenant `boxyhq.com` and the provider `jackson`. You can change these values in the code.

### Setup Hasura GraphQL

- Open Hasura Console at [http://localhost:8081/console](http://localhost:8081/console)
- Configure your database connection
- Click `SQL` from the lef menu
- Paste the following SQL into the editor. This will create the `users` table with required columns

```sql
CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS pgcrypto;

SET check_function_bodies = false;

CREATE TABLE public.users (
  id uuid DEFAULT public.gen_random_uuid() NOT NULL,
  name text,
  email text,
  "providerAccountId" text NOT NULL,
  "emailVerified" timestamp with time zone,
  image text
);

ALTER TABLE ONLY public.users
    ADD CONSTRAINT users_email_key UNIQUE (email);

ALTER TABLE ONLY public.users
    ADD CONSTRAINT users_pkey PRIMARY KEY (id);
```

### Configure Hasura Permissions

Add an additional role `developer` to the `users` table as follows. The demo will throw an error if you don't have this role.

![img alt](assets/hasura-set-role.png)
